Introductions.md, before:

| Name | Role | Website | Tagline | TWTR |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Aaron Jensen (`aaronjensen`) | Senior Automation Engineer @ WebMD Health Services | [pshdo.com](http://pshdo.com) | Creator/owner of Carbon, http://get-carbon.org | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/splatteredbits) |
| Adam Bertram (`adbertram`) | Senior Automation Engineer @ Genomic Health | [Github](http://github.com/adbertram/) | Adam the Automator | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/adbertram) |
| Andrew Marwood (`mario_wood`) | Senior DevOps Engineer @ Traceone |  |  | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/mario_wood) |
| Andrew Pearce (`austoonz`) | Systems Development Engineer @ Amazon Web Services | [techielife.net](http://techielife.net) | Breeding Windows cattle in the AWS ecosystem using PowerShell and DSC. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/austoonz) |
| Andrew White (`andreww`) | Site Ops Engineer @ AngiesList.com |  | Awesome painter, QA, Operations guy with sense of humor |  |
| Ben Gelens (`bgelens`) | CloudOS Consultant @ Inovativ | [GitHub](https://github.com/bgelens) | Mainly PowerShell, DSC, Azure, Azure Stack and Azure Pack. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/bgelens) |
| Bill Jones (`bill.jones`) | Lead Database Engineer @ SalesForce.com |  | Lord of MySQL & Awesome at Operations, formerly AL |  |
| Bob Dean (`bob-dean`) | Infrastructure Architect @ Mitre.org | | Windows, PowerShell, DSC | | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/PrimalType1) |
| Brad Williamson (`bradtech`) | DevOps @ State of Oklahoma Public Sector |  | Chef, Windows, PowerShell, VMware |  |
| Brandon Olin (`devblackops`) | Lead Systems Engineer @ Columbia Sportswear | [devblackops.io](http://devblackops.io) | Does PowerShell, DSC, Chef, and other duties as assigned. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/devblackops) |
| Carlos Murray (`Carlos1Murray`) | |  | Currently working on entering IT |  |
| Chase Campos (`chewster`) | Site Reliability Engineer @ AngiesList.com |  | |  |
| Chris Hunt (`cdhunt`) | Systems Engineer @ Ticketmaster | [automatedops.com](http://automatedops.com) | SaaS Operator. PowerShell.org TechLetter Editor | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/logicaldiagram) |
| Chris Lee (`cyclopsox`) | Senior ? @ Kinney Group |  | Awesome Jack of all Trades guy, big on Jenkins/Linux. |  |
| Chris Smith (`chlsmith`) | DevOps @ Trek Bikes | [http://coffeeandpizza.net](http://www.coffeeandpizza.net/) | | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/chlsmith) |
| Cobus Bernard (`cobusbernard`) | DevOps @ HealthQ | [cobus.io](http://cobus.io/) | DevOpser with Chef, Ansible, Jenkins.  Also Codes. Playing with Docker |  |
| Daniel Scott-Raynsford (`dscottraynsford`) | DevOps Contractor | [dscottraynsford.wordpress.com](https://dscottraynsford.wordpress.com/) | Is there a DSC resource for that? | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/dscottraynsford) |
| Dave Wyatt (`davewyatt`) | Operations Engineer @ DevOpsGuys | [davewyatt.wordpress.com](https://davewyatt.wordpress.com/) | Chief Pesterer of Pester :D | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/MSH_Dave) |
| David Wilson (`daviwil`) | Software Engineer @ Microsoft | [daviwil.com](https://daviwil.com/) | I make PowerShell editing tools.  PowerShell ISE, Visual Studio Code, etc. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/daviwil) |
| Doug Finke (`dfinke`) | Architect @ BlueMetal | [dougfinke.com](http://dougfinke.com/blog) | DevOps/Azure/***PowerShell*** | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/dfinke) |
| Eric Anderson (`ericsysmin`) | Senior DevOps @ Comcast | [ericsysmin.com](http://ericsysmin.com) | Everything DevOps! (Salt, Puppet, Ansible, Jenkins, TeamCity, AWS Architect, OpenStack Engineer | |
| Eric Courville (`organicit`) | Senior Member @ Verizon | [organicit.io](http://organicit.io) | PowerShell MVP & Lover of Linux | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/_organicit) |
| Flynn Bundy (`bundyfx`) | Systems Engineer @ Coolblue | [flynnbundy.com](http://flynnbundy.com/) | A Windows based Systems Engineer currently residing in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. |  |
| Gael Colas (`gaelcolas`) | Cloud Automation Architect Consultant | [GitHub](https://github.com/gaelcolas) [Blog](https://gaelcolas.com) | PowerShell, DSC, CloudStack, Azure: currently developping PaaS/IaaS solutions for a EU cloud provider | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/gaelcolas) |
| Glenn Sarti (`glennsarti`) | Windows Developer @ Puppet | [GitHub](https://github.com/glennsarti) |  | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/glennsarti) |
| Greg Vauter (`gvauter`) | Automation? @ Interactive Intelligence | [GitHub](https://github.com/gvauter) | Automation Guy? Let me know what to put! |  |
| Hamid Maddi (`hamid`) | Automation Engineer @ Interactive Intelligence | | Super Openstack/Infrastructure Guy |  |
| Jared Barnett (`jmwbarnett`) | Systems Architect @ Verizon Enterprise Solutions | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jared-barnett-72b40719) | Developer, transitioning to DevOps, always learning | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/jmwbarnett) |
| Jody Tooley (`jody.tooley`) | DevOps Manager @ AngiesList.com |  | Awesome Docker + Jenkins Skills, weak at Starcraft |  |
| Joe Beaudry (`jbeaudry`) | Systems Engineer @ Brainshark | [ctrlaltshoot.com](http://www.ctrlaltshoot.com) | Swiss army knife of random infrastructure skills. |  |
| John Wenzler (`jwenzler`) | DevOps @ iFit | [GitHub](https://github.com/jwenzler) | DevOps Guy @ iFit |  |
| Joshua Duffney (`josh`) | Senior Systems Engineer @ ACI Worldwide | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshuaduffney) | Powershell guy, gives talks and links us to awesome devops vids |  |
| June Blender (`juneb`) | Technical Evangelist @ SAPIEN Technologies, Inc. | [sapien.com/blog](https://www.sapien.com/blog) | Programmer/Writer. Writes help. Reads help. Lives PowerShell. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/juneb_get_help) |
| Justino Garcia (`itadder`) | |  | |  |
| Ken Erwin (`ken`) | Senior Automation Engineer @ Kinney Group | [devopslibrary.com](http://www.devopslibrary.com) | DevOps Library Founder, also Sensu course by OReilly is mine :) | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/kenerwin88) |
| Levi Geinert (`levi.geinert`) | Windows Automation Guy @ Target |  | Chef and Windows Automation | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/levi_online) |
| Martez Reed (`martezreed`) | Senior Automation Engineer ? @ Kinney Group | [www.greenreedtech.com](www.greenreedtech.com) | |  |
| Matt Wrock (`mwrockx`) | Software Development Engineer @ Chef | [hurryupandwait.io](http://www.hurryupandwait.io) | Open Source Enthusiast and creator of Boxstarter. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/mwrockx) |
| Matthew Walter (`ohaiwalt`) | Infrastructure Manager @ North American Power |  | Linux admin, unlikely Windows adventurer. Automation, Chef, ChatOps. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/ohaiwalt) |
| Matt Stratton (`mattstratton`) | Solutions Engineer @ Chef | [arresteddevops.com](https://www.arresteddevops.com) | Co-host of Arrested DevOps. Chef Enthusiast. Whovian. Chicago. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/mattstratton) |
| Matthew Hodgkins (`hodge`) | DevOps @ Oil Company | [hodgkins.io](https://hodgkins.io/) | System Engineer, PowerShell, Chef and Automation lover and Aussie. Living and working in Texas. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/matthodge) |
| Michael Greene (`migreene`) | Principal Program Manager @ Microsoft, ECG CAT team | [GitHub](http://github.com/mgreenegit) | Microsoft Principal Program Manager, CAT Team, focus on PowerShell and Cloud Architecture | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/migreene) |
| Mikal Wade (`wademikalj`) | Site Operations Manager @ Angies List |  | |  |
| Nicholas H (`leskat`) | Mortar Infantry @ Swiss Army | | Windows automation, PowerShell, SCCM, Security, Blowing things up |  |
| Patrick Lavalley (`pat`) | |  | |  |
| Phil (`phil`) | Site Ops @ Angies List |  | |  |
| Ray Crawford (`raycrawford`) | IaaS Service Manager @ Procter & Gamble | [Github](https://github.com/raycrawford/) | Cloudifying and Automating an Outsourced Enterprise one box at at time | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/reachtheworld) |
| Rob Reynolds (`ferventcoder`) | Senior Software Engineer @ Puppet | [codebetter.com/robreynolds](http://codebetter.com/robreynolds) | Creator of Chocolatey (package manager for Windows) / Puppet <3 Windows | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/ferventcoder) |
| Robin Blanchard (`robin`) | Awesome Linux guy @ Nephila Advisors |  | Awesome at Big Data/Linux/Storage/Hadoop |  |
| Rodney (`rodney`) | ? @ Interactive Intelligence |  | Master of VOIP |  |
| Ryan McAdams(`mcadams`) | DevOps Manager @ Interactive Intelligence |  | Openstack + VOIP + Slight minecraft skill |  |
| Shawn Hall (`s.hall`) | DevOps @ Indianapolis Company |  | PowerShell + Puppet Skills |  |
| Shawn Neal (`sneal`) | Solutions Architect @ Pivotal | [codingonstilts.com](http://codingonstilts.com) | Windows DevOps Contributor: Vagrant, Packer, CloudFoundry, WinRM gem, Chef | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/sneal78) |
| Steven Murawski (`smurawski`) | Software Development Engineer @ Chef | [stevenmurawski.com](http://stevenmurawski.com) | Total Chef Expert | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/stevenmurawski) |
| Stephen Owen (`stephenowen`) | Automation and Management Consultant | [foxdeploy.com](http://www.foxdeploy.com) | System Center, PowerShell, Windows mgmt | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/foxdeploy) |
| Toby Matherly (`tobmat`) | Infra Automation @ Interactive Intelligence |  | Openstack Expert |  |
| Trevor Hess (`trevorghess`) | Principal Consultant @ 10th Magnitude | [arresteddevops.com](http://www.arresteddevops.com) | Co-Host of Arrested DevOps | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/trevorghess) |
| Tyson J. Hayes (`tysonjhayes`) | Service Engineer @ Microsoft, Turn 10 Studios | [GitHub](http://github.com/tysonjhayes) | Service Engineer for [Turn 10 Studios](http://forzamotorsport.net/en-us/) | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/tysonjhayes) |
| Jason Morgan (`jasonmorgan`) | Tools and Innovation Engineer @ Verizon | [GitHub](http://github.com/JasonMorgan) | I like computers | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/RJasonMorgan) |
| Warren Frame (`pscookiemonster`) | Infrastructure Engineer @ Harvard FAS Research Computing | [ramblingcookiemonster...](http://ramblingcookiemonster.github.io/) | Perpetual student. Occasionally writes about PowerShell. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/pscookiemonster) |
| Mike Lombardi (`michaeltlombardi`) | Sysadmin @ CSRA, Inc | [Github](http://github.com/michaeltlombardi/) | Continually Improving (Somewhat) Barbaric Automator | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/barbariankb) |
| Keith Hill (`r_keith_hill`) | Developer @ Keysight Technologies, Inc | [Blog](http://rkeithhill.wordpress.com),   [Github](http://github.com/rkeithhill/) | MVP / Creator [PSCX](https://github.com/pscx/pscx), Contributor to VSCode-PowerShell, PowerShellEditorServices and Plaster | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/r_keith_hill) |
| Will Schroeder (`harmj0y`) | Red Teamer/Offensive Developer @ Veris Group's Adaptive Threat Division | [Blog](http://blog.harmj0y.net),   [Github](https://github.com/harmj0y) | PowerShell MVP, Contributor to [PowerSploit](https://github.com/powershellmafia/powersploit), that [PowerShell Empire](https://github.com/powershellempire/Empire) guy | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/harmj0y) |

Commit message:

Update Introductions to introduce myself.
This adds myself to the bottom of the introductions list, it seemed like a prudent thing to do.

Introductions.md, after:

| Name | Role | Website | Tagline | TWTR |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| Aaron Jensen (`aaronjensen`) | Senior Automation Engineer @ WebMD Health Services | [pshdo.com](http://pshdo.com) | Creator/owner of Carbon, http://get-carbon.org | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/splatteredbits) |
| Adam Bertram (`adbertram`) | Senior Automation Engineer @ Genomic Health | [Github](http://github.com/adbertram/) | Adam the Automator | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/adbertram) |
| Andrew Marwood (`mario_wood`) | Senior DevOps Engineer @ Traceone |  |  | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/mario_wood) |
| Andrew Pearce (`austoonz`) | Systems Development Engineer @ Amazon Web Services | [techielife.net](http://techielife.net) | Breeding Windows cattle in the AWS ecosystem using PowerShell and DSC. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/austoonz) |
| Andrew White (`andreww`) | Site Ops Engineer @ AngiesList.com |  | Awesome painter, QA, Operations guy with sense of humor |  |
| Ben Gelens (`bgelens`) | CloudOS Consultant @ Inovativ | [GitHub](https://github.com/bgelens) | Mainly PowerShell, DSC, Azure, Azure Stack and Azure Pack. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/bgelens) |
| Bill Jones (`bill.jones`) | Lead Database Engineer @ SalesForce.com |  | Lord of MySQL & Awesome at Operations, formerly AL |  |
| Bob Dean (`bob-dean`) | Infrastructure Architect @ Mitre.org | | Windows, PowerShell, DSC | | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/PrimalType1) |
| Brad Williamson (`bradtech`) | DevOps @ State of Oklahoma Public Sector |  | Chef, Windows, PowerShell, VMware |  |
| Brandon Olin (`devblackops`) | Lead Systems Engineer @ Columbia Sportswear | [devblackops.io](http://devblackops.io) | Does PowerShell, DSC, Chef, and other duties as assigned. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/devblackops) |
| Carlos Murray (`Carlos1Murray`) | |  | Currently working on entering IT |  |
| Chase Campos (`chewster`) | Site Reliability Engineer @ AngiesList.com |  | |  |
| Chris Hunt (`cdhunt`) | Systems Engineer @ Ticketmaster | [automatedops.com](http://automatedops.com) | SaaS Operator. PowerShell.org TechLetter Editor | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/logicaldiagram) |
| Chris Lee (`cyclopsox`) | Senior ? @ Kinney Group |  | Awesome Jack of all Trades guy, big on Jenkins/Linux. |  |
| Chris Smith (`chlsmith`) | DevOps @ Trek Bikes | [http://coffeeandpizza.net](http://www.coffeeandpizza.net/) | | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/chlsmith) |
| Cobus Bernard (`cobusbernard`) | DevOps @ HealthQ | [cobus.io](http://cobus.io/) | DevOpser with Chef, Ansible, Jenkins.  Also Codes. Playing with Docker |  |
| Daniel Scott-Raynsford (`dscottraynsford`) | DevOps Contractor | [dscottraynsford.wordpress.com](https://dscottraynsford.wordpress.com/) | Is there a DSC resource for that? | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/dscottraynsford) |
| Dave Wyatt (`davewyatt`) | Operations Engineer @ DevOpsGuys | [davewyatt.wordpress.com](https://davewyatt.wordpress.com/) | Chief Pesterer of Pester :D | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/MSH_Dave) |
| David Wilson (`daviwil`) | Software Engineer @ Microsoft | [daviwil.com](https://daviwil.com/) | I make PowerShell editing tools.  PowerShell ISE, Visual Studio Code, etc. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/daviwil) |
| Doug Finke (`dfinke`) | Architect @ BlueMetal | [dougfinke.com](http://dougfinke.com/blog) | DevOps/Azure/***PowerShell*** | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/dfinke) |
| Eric Anderson (`ericsysmin`) | Senior DevOps @ Comcast | [ericsysmin.com](http://ericsysmin.com) | Everything DevOps! (Salt, Puppet, Ansible, Jenkins, TeamCity, AWS Architect, OpenStack Engineer | |
| Eric Courville (`organicit`) | Senior Member @ Verizon | [organicit.io](http://organicit.io) | PowerShell MVP & Lover of Linux | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/_organicit) |
| Flynn Bundy (`bundyfx`) | Systems Engineer @ Coolblue | [flynnbundy.com](http://flynnbundy.com/) | A Windows based Systems Engineer currently residing in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. |  |
| Gael Colas (`gaelcolas`) | Cloud Automation Architect Consultant | [GitHub](https://github.com/gaelcolas) [Blog](https://gaelcolas.com) | PowerShell, DSC, CloudStack, Azure: currently developping PaaS/IaaS solutions for a EU cloud provider | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/gaelcolas) |
| Glenn Sarti (`glennsarti`) | Windows Developer @ Puppet | [GitHub](https://github.com/glennsarti) |  | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/glennsarti) |
| Greg Vauter (`gvauter`) | Automation? @ Interactive Intelligence | [GitHub](https://github.com/gvauter) | Automation Guy? Let me know what to put! |  |
| Hamid Maddi (`hamid`) | Automation Engineer @ Interactive Intelligence | | Super Openstack/Infrastructure Guy |  |
| Jared Barnett (`jmwbarnett`) | Systems Architect @ Verizon Enterprise Solutions | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jared-barnett-72b40719) | Developer, transitioning to DevOps, always learning | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/jmwbarnett) |
| Jody Tooley (`jody.tooley`) | DevOps Manager @ AngiesList.com |  | Awesome Docker + Jenkins Skills, weak at Starcraft |  |
| Joe Beaudry (`jbeaudry`) | Systems Engineer @ Brainshark | [ctrlaltshoot.com](http://www.ctrlaltshoot.com) | Swiss army knife of random infrastructure skills. |  |
| John Wenzler (`jwenzler`) | DevOps @ iFit | [GitHub](https://github.com/jwenzler) | DevOps Guy @ iFit |  |
| Joshua Duffney (`josh`) | Senior Systems Engineer @ ACI Worldwide | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshuaduffney) | Powershell guy, gives talks and links us to awesome devops vids |  |
| June Blender (`juneb`) | Technical Evangelist @ SAPIEN Technologies, Inc. | [sapien.com/blog](https://www.sapien.com/blog) | Programmer/Writer. Writes help. Reads help. Lives PowerShell. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/juneb_get_help) |
| Justino Garcia (`itadder`) | |  | |  |
| Ken Erwin (`ken`) | Senior Automation Engineer @ Kinney Group | [devopslibrary.com](http://www.devopslibrary.com) | DevOps Library Founder, also Sensu course by OReilly is mine :) | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/kenerwin88) |
| Levi Geinert (`levi.geinert`) | Windows Automation Guy @ Target |  | Chef and Windows Automation | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/levi_online) |
| Martez Reed (`martezreed`) | Senior Automation Engineer ? @ Kinney Group | [www.greenreedtech.com](www.greenreedtech.com) | |  |
| Matt Wrock (`mwrockx`) | Software Development Engineer @ Chef | [hurryupandwait.io](http://www.hurryupandwait.io) | Open Source Enthusiast and creator of Boxstarter. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/mwrockx) |
| Matthew Walter (`ohaiwalt`) | Infrastructure Manager @ North American Power |  | Linux admin, unlikely Windows adventurer. Automation, Chef, ChatOps. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/ohaiwalt) |
| Matt Stratton (`mattstratton`) | Solutions Engineer @ Chef | [arresteddevops.com](https://www.arresteddevops.com) | Co-host of Arrested DevOps. Chef Enthusiast. Whovian. Chicago. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/mattstratton) |
| Matthew Hodgkins (`hodge`) | DevOps @ Oil Company | [hodgkins.io](https://hodgkins.io/) | System Engineer, PowerShell, Chef and Automation lover and Aussie. Living and working in Texas. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/matthodge) |
| Michael Greene (`migreene`) | Principal Program Manager @ Microsoft, ECG CAT team | [GitHub](http://github.com/mgreenegit) | Microsoft Principal Program Manager, CAT Team, focus on PowerShell and Cloud Architecture | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/migreene) |
| Mikal Wade (`wademikalj`) | Site Operations Manager @ Angies List |  | |  |
| Nicholas H (`leskat`) | Mortar Infantry @ Swiss Army | | Windows automation, PowerShell, SCCM, Security, Blowing things up |  |
| Patrick Lavalley (`pat`) | |  | |  |
| Phil (`phil`) | Site Ops @ Angies List |  | |  |
| Ray Crawford (`raycrawford`) | IaaS Service Manager @ Procter & Gamble | [Github](https://github.com/raycrawford/) | Cloudifying and Automating an Outsourced Enterprise one box at at time | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/reachtheworld) |
| Rob Reynolds (`ferventcoder`) | Senior Software Engineer @ Puppet | [codebetter.com/robreynolds](http://codebetter.com/robreynolds) | Creator of Chocolatey (package manager for Windows) / Puppet <3 Windows | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/ferventcoder) |
| Robin Blanchard (`robin`) | Awesome Linux guy @ Nephila Advisors |  | Awesome at Big Data/Linux/Storage/Hadoop |  |
| Rodney (`rodney`) | ? @ Interactive Intelligence |  | Master of VOIP |  |
| Ryan McAdams(`mcadams`) | DevOps Manager @ Interactive Intelligence |  | Openstack + VOIP + Slight minecraft skill |  |
| Shawn Hall (`s.hall`) | DevOps @ Indianapolis Company |  | PowerShell + Puppet Skills |  |
| Shawn Neal (`sneal`) | Solutions Architect @ Pivotal | [codingonstilts.com](http://codingonstilts.com) | Windows DevOps Contributor: Vagrant, Packer, CloudFoundry, WinRM gem, Chef | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/sneal78) |
| Steven Murawski (`smurawski`) | Software Development Engineer @ Chef | [stevenmurawski.com](http://stevenmurawski.com) | Total Chef Expert | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/stevenmurawski) |
| Stephen Owen (`stephenowen`) | Automation and Management Consultant | [foxdeploy.com](http://www.foxdeploy.com) | System Center, PowerShell, Windows mgmt | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/foxdeploy) |
| Toby Matherly (`tobmat`) | Infra Automation @ Interactive Intelligence |  | Openstack Expert |  |
| Trevor Hess (`trevorghess`) | Principal Consultant @ 10th Magnitude | [arresteddevops.com](http://www.arresteddevops.com) | Co-Host of Arrested DevOps | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/trevorghess) |
| Tyson J. Hayes (`tysonjhayes`) | Service Engineer @ Microsoft, Turn 10 Studios | [GitHub](http://github.com/tysonjhayes) | Service Engineer for [Turn 10 Studios](http://forzamotorsport.net/en-us/) | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/tysonjhayes) |
| Jason Morgan (`jasonmorgan`) | Tools and Innovation Engineer @ Verizon | [GitHub](http://github.com/JasonMorgan) | I like computers | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/RJasonMorgan) |
| Warren Frame (`pscookiemonster`) | Infrastructure Engineer @ Harvard FAS Research Computing | [ramblingcookiemonster...](http://ramblingcookiemonster.github.io/) | Perpetual student. Occasionally writes about PowerShell. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/pscookiemonster) |
| Mike Lombardi (`michaeltlombardi`) | Sysadmin @ CSRA, Inc | [Github](http://github.com/michaeltlombardi/) | Continually Improving (Somewhat) Barbaric Automator | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/barbariankb) |
| Keith Hill (`r_keith_hill`) | Developer @ Keysight Technologies, Inc | [Blog](http://rkeithhill.wordpress.com),   [Github](http://github.com/rkeithhill/) | MVP / Creator [PSCX](https://github.com/pscx/pscx), Contributor to VSCode-PowerShell, PowerShellEditorServices and Plaster | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/r_keith_hill) |
| Will Schroeder (`harmj0y`) | Red Teamer/Offensive Developer @ Veris Group's Adaptive Threat Division | [Blog](http://blog.harmj0y.net),   [Github](https://github.com/harmj0y) | PowerShell MVP, Contributor to [PowerSploit](https://github.com/powershellmafia/powersploit), that [PowerShell Empire](https://github.com/powershellempire/Empire) guy | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/harmj0y) | 
| Jason Barbier (`kusuriya`) | Sr Operations Engineer @ SureScripts | [Blog](https://blog.corrupted.io),[GitHub](https://github.com/kusuriya) | Why am I scheduling a downtime, I thought this is what the SLA and cluster were for. | [<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Y70LuVu.png">](https://twitter.com/slaughterhut) |
